saddle on which miss you tube welcome in
this real way i will show you
how to also install client for
minecraft 6 2
we're talking about rubik's death
1.6.2 this fashion looks like crus and ad
others to the customer for minecraft only
in my opinion it is much better because
includes many many fads then plan
of all to athene league while in
description there is this you open it
wait for it to load the page after
what to wait five seconds and the
fly 4 3 2 1 and then click here
on the little key that will come out alive and
will take you to a page to do better
you who believe in this little hobby
green here you will click on download
will automatically restart the download
I at zero because I have a hard file
already downloaded after which we go to where
downloaded the file where he found the
file my case on the press topic that I
we open and how we see how we will see
at 63 the land will have a folder
call rubik's with a file in it
punto rgs or on start a moment that up
start and let's go in the loan search
program files and we will decide for a hundred
bb da da percent and we will click in
video etc.
the roma folder now for users
xp view if xp and view
but here the key is looking for programs
file but will have on it a small key called
perform that is none other than this
application here the bri damage e
typing entered into this of
this application percent to pippi
date for one hundred and will also click on them in
I send you the same folder and blindness
our ok now inside this one
folder we will click point minecraft
on the minecraft point paper and then on
versione
now I have already installed the lac here
so I delete the list and client
from the beginning
so now let's take ours
archive
sip tu with the bike with the rubik mode
on 1.6.2 and extract the folder that yes
located entire memo of this
this file just the folder
rubik's and we drag precisely into the
version folder found funnel
main stream is in eccentric roles
and the center
now we can close everything though
before closing I wanted to show you
one thing now this time is so easy
to install because in the end it is not a
installer hetemaj because sail to be
automatic ie I will let you download already
the profile already created as you see it coming
then you just give him the move
pure rubik's folder in the folder
pour where all the profiles are
then now let's open our launcher
of minecraft I had to do another
small step before starting it
we are waiting for ours to open
launcher let's go to the editor profiles
we still expect it to load but ok
editor profiles we talk about below is
strong we call twice after
we declare on news version
we select relaxation rubik's that is precisely
the profile we just created and
let's do six profiles
then we leave here on profiles
default and click on play off line
now it will take some time because
will have to install the mood of
all the profile ok to made me right away
immediately maybe you will put us a little more than
I don't know how long it also depends on
your connection will be faster
your connection less time there
will take our game ok
so watch this launcher here
ok
as you see the minecraft screen
it's not the same but it's very different
reality nt under photos with different colors
here if you want you can get back the money i
I have any players for this bike
detail toorop exclusion does very little
it's up to you to give up a little bit
he did this bike but he must apologize for
the problem unfortunately is dependent on
comments both my computer and a little
ram and then the race a little bit a
little good, then first thing
you notice after installing this
night and in the upper left there is
just the party in africa if finally
call less full of pages and pages
we can scroll by clicking the buttons
the arrows precisely the directional keys
ok then now i also here in this
me lucio listed there are listed
precisely the mode earth has gone so
there is a little key that little key serves to
activate the moore would have described fly
coffee water fly wrote and for now
only the key f as you see the
written fly becomes green becomes green
and I see how I can fly then
I have just installed many then just
using the flai bike I died for
turn off this time the
father again f of those who believe that
disappear
we click hicks for example that there
comes a x3 mode that I call dino zoe
x and disable it click on laps e
we have speed mode and we can run
fast and then to hide the menu
how did I do it and now just load the
his arrow keys the dart that
goes upwards towards north and a
ok cross and as you can see you are sorry
the patches run and there were four
pages including three are full of many
one and last there was the compass
the fps the coordinates for which we as
see my computer at fps
just stop at 8 fps then
imagine you the udc ok
I hope this tutorial has been there
useful it was useful to sign up for
other English league tutorials
minecraft is left a beautiful live
of the antonio data and everything we see at
next video